Welcome to Thiagarajar College of Engineering
Founded in 1957 by philanthropist and industrialist Late Shri.Karumuttu Thiagarajan Chettiar, Thiagarajar College of Engineering (TCE) is a Government Aided Institution and affiliated to Anna University and situated in Madurai, the Temple City .The college is funded by Central and State Governments and Management. The courses offered in TCE are approved by the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE), New Delhi and Council of Architecture (COA), New Delhi. TCE was granted Autonomy in the year 1987 and the programmes have been accredited by the National Board of Accreditation (NBA). TCE offers 11 Undergraduate programmes, 7 Postgraduate programmes and Doctoral programmes in Engineering, Architecture and Science.

Our Vision
To provide world class quality technical education with strong ethical values.
The institution has fifteen academic departments (offering nine UG programmes and ten PG programmes), five nodal research centers, Incubation center and more than fifty laboratories aiding hands-on learning of products and system building. Each course is designed to have balance depth of conceptual and Technical knowledge as well as practical understanding. The following are Undergraduate programmes offers at TCE:

B.E (4 years)
Bachelor of Engineering is a knowledge oriented, four-year professional degree programme at the undergraduate level dedicated entirely to the field of engineering. TCE currently offers six  B.E programmes; Civil engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Electronics and Communication Engineering, Electronics and Electrical Engineering, Computer Science Engineering and Mechatronics . Students willing to pursue this course require a prerequisite of minimum marks in higher secondary education or Vocational education courses as per the Tamilnadu Government norms. Students who have completed diploma can join in direct second year through Lateral Entry scheme as per Tamilnadu Government norms. The admission to the B.E programme is conducted through TNEA and Management quota.  The applications for Management quota will be issued online through TCE website after two days from the publication of class 12 results (HSC, ISC and CBSE streams).

B.Tech (4 years)
Bachelor of Technology is a skill oriented; four-year professional degree programme dedicated more towards application of engineering theories and practical exposure of conceptual knowledge.TCE currently offers two B. Tech specializations. Students willing to pursue this course require a prerequisite of minimum marks in higher secondary education or Vocational education courses as per the Tamilnadu Government norms. Students who have completed diploma can join in direct second year through Lateral Entry scheme as per Tamilnadu Government norms. The admission to the B. Tech programme is conducted through TNEA and Management quota. The applications for Management quota will be issued online through TCE website after two days from the publication of class 12 results (HSC, ISC and CBSE streams).

B.Arch (5 years)
Bachelor of Architecture is a five-year professional degree programme dedicated to the study of art, planning, designing and construction of physical structures of various kinds. Students willing to pursue this course require a prerequisite of minimum marks specified by Tamilnadu state government in higher secondary education in any stream with Mathematics as compulsory subject and a passing score in NATA (National Aptitude Test in Architecture) as per Council of Architecture norms. The admission to the B. Arch programme is conducted through TNEA and Merit Management quota. The applications for Management quota will be issued online through TCE website after two days from the publication of class 12 results (HSC, ISC and CBSE streams) and NATA score.
TCE offers Ten Postgraduate Programmes. Each programme comprises of several core, elective courses and project work. A faculty advisor will help the students in the choice of academic options for elective courses. Students may be permitted to do their project work in industries and other Central Government organizations.

M.E./M.Tech. (2 years)
Masters of Engineering and Master of Technology are two-year professional degree programmes dedicated to the study of advanced engineering and technology concepts with a focus to bridge the gap between theoretical knowledge and professional practice. Based on the stream opted at the graduation level, the students can choose Masters of Engineering programme from 7 disciplines (M.E Structural Engineering, M.E Environmental Engineering, M.E Construction Engineering and Management, M.E Engineering Design, M.E Power System Engineering, M.E Communication Systems, M.E Computer Science and Engineering) and M.Tech. Defence Technology Programme offered at TCE. Students willing to pursue this programme require a prerequisite of Bachelor’s degree from recognized institutions and an eligible score in GATE / TANCET. Eligibility criteria for GATE / TANCET qualified candidates are available on Anna University website. The admission to the M.E programme is conducted through TANCA and Management quota. The application for the management quota is issued online through the TCE website from June-July every year.

M. Arch (2 years)
The Masters of Architecture (General) is a two-year professional degree programme, recognized by the Council of Architecture that aims to develop the skills and knowledge of the students in architectural design, environment and research. Students willing to pursue this course require a prerequisite of course completion with a minimum 50% marks in bachelor’s degree from recognized institutions and an eligible score in GATE/ TANCET. Eligibility criteria for GATE / TANCET qualified candidates are available in the Anna University website. The admission to the M. Arch programme is conducted through TANCA and Management quota. The application for the management quota will be issued online through TCE website in the months of June-July every year.

M.C.A (2 years)
The two years Master of Computer Applications programme has been offered by the Department of Computer Applications since 1985. The Programme has various elective and core courses that mostly covers a theme area "Business Analytics". Admissions to the MCA programme are through TANCET conducted by Anna University. Eligibility criteria for TANCET qualified candidates are available in the Anna University website.

M.Sc Data Science (5 years)
The 5 years Integrated M.Sc., (Data Science) Degree programme is an interdisciplinary programme covering Applied Mathematics, Statistics and Computer Science. The curriculum of this programme comprises of Foundation courses, Professional core courses, Professional elective courses and employability enhancement courses. The courses are designed with the support of professors from Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Madras, Institute of Mathematical Science (IMS), Chennai and experts from leading software industries. Admissions to the programme are done through entrance tests and interviews conducted by the college. The application for the management quota will be issued online through TCE website after two days from the publication of class 12 results (HSC, ISC and CBSE streams).